HTML Attribute

 > HTML attributes are special words which provide 
   additional information about the elements or
   attributes are the modifier of the HTML element.
 > Each element or tag can have attributes, 
   which defines the behaviour of that element.
 > Attributes should always be applied with start tag.
 > The Attribute should always be applied with its 
   name and value pair.
 > You can add multiple attributes in one HTML element,
   but need to give space between two attributes.
   

Syntax

<tag attribute_name="value">content</tag>  


#Types of Attribute  : 

 1) Global Attributes 
 
	HTML global attributes are those attributes which are 
	common for all HTML elements.
	
	The global attributes can be used with all elements,
	although it may not have any effect on some elements.

	Following is the complete list of global attributes with 
	their description:
	
	
Attributes			value		Description

1)style			style			It is used to apply inline CSS to the 
								current element.
								
2)class				classname	It is used to provide the class name
								for the current element. 
								It is mainly used with the stylesheet.
								
3)id				id			It specifies a unique id for the element.
								It can be used with CSS and JavaScript.
					
4)contextmenu		menu_id		It defines the id for the <menu>
								element which is used as a context 
								menu (a menu appear on right click)
								for an element.
								
5)data-* -	(5)		somevalue	It is used to store element-specific 
								private data which can be accessed by 
								Javascript.
								
6)dir				rtl			It specifies the direction of the content 
					ltr			inside the current element.
					auto		 
					
7)draggable	(5)		true		It specifies whether the content within an
					false		element is movable or not using Drag 
					auto		and Drop API.
					
8)dropzon (5)		copy		It specifies the action is taken on the 
					move		dragged element when it is dropped, 
					link		such as whether it is copied, moved or linked.
					
9)hidden (5)					It is used to hide the element from view.

10)Contenteditable (5)	true	It determines whether the content within 
					false		an element is editable or not.
								
11)lang			 language_code	It specifies the primary language for the
								content of an element.
								
12)accesskey		character	It is used to generate keyboard 
								shortcuts for the current element.
								
13)spellcheck (5)	true		It specifies whether the content should
					false		be checked for spelling errors or not.
					
14)tabindex			number		It determines the tabbing order of 
								an element.
								
15)title			text		It is used to provide the title,
								name, or some extra information 
								about the element.	
	
16)translate (5) 	yes			It specifies whether the content of the
					no			element should be translated when the
								page is localized or not.	
	
	
2) Event Attributes
	

Windows Event Attributes
Form Event Attributes
Keyboard Event Attributes
Mouse Event Attributes
Clipboard Event Attributes
Media Event Attributes
	